Audit Statement for the UN/EDIFACT Directory D.99A
     
This directory set is the official approved version of UN/EDIFACT 
Directory D.99A.
     
Following the preparation of the directory by the Directory 
Production Team (DPT), it was examined by the Directory Audit Team 
(DAT) which has confirmed in a report to the UN/EDIFACT Working Group 
(EWG) that the content was prepared in accordance with approved 
procedures and is considered satisfactory for implementation.
     
Based on the DAT report, EWG has agreed to forward this directory for 
publication by the UN/ECE.
     
As required by the U.N. document TRADE/R.650 (Recommendations for the 
establishment of CEFACT, 1996-10-11), and on the base of the DAT 
Report, the decision of EWG has been confirmed by the CEFACT Steering 
Group (CSG).
     
A copy of the full audit report is available from the UN/ECE 
secretariat, e-mail: <cefact@unece.org>.
     
The directory is the final version of D.99A for user implementation. 
Under no circumstances will any corrigenda, addenda or revisions be 
issued.
     
If during implementation a user identifies what is considered to be 
an error, this should be notified in a Data Maintenance Request (DMR) 
to allow possible amendments in a subsequent official approved 
version of UN/EDIFACT Directory.
     
A DMR form can be obtained from the nearest UN/EDIFACT Processing 
Point in either Brussels, Sydney, Tokyo or Washington D.C., who will 
advise the process to be followed for its submission and may assist 
in the completion of the form. The text section of the "Business 
Needs" section of this DMR, should read "Possible Directory Error".
     
     
Klaus-Dieter Naujok
Chair, Directory Audit Team
1999-14-01
---------------------------------------------------------------
